每天的先操练，先长壳子。。。


20210324


Long term PLAN:

Taking the TOEFL exam again in the Summer vacation of 2021. 

If God lets me pass the TOEFL exam:
    Applying for Israel Universities.
    If there is a university which provides a full scholarship:
        Prepare to go to Israel. 
    Else:
        applying for Korea Theology School with a full scholarship.
        If I can get a full scholarship in that school:
            Studying with my brother YangMengen. 
        Else:
            It seems God has something better prepared for me. 
            
Else if God doesn't allow me to get a high score:
    Applying for Korea Theology School with full scholarship.
    If I can get a full scholarship in that school:
        Studying with my brother YangMengen. 
    Else:
        It seems God has something better prepared for me. 

It's not easy to get a full scholarship, because everyone can go to that university for the full scholarship if the scholarship can be got easily, and it's obvious, many of them are better than me in language skill. 

If I can't study Hebrew in Israel, the Hebrew text book of Chinese version is a suitable way for me to practice Hebrew and do the research of the effective way to teach Hebrew by Chinese. 

Back to China, to rent a small room, buy a microwave oven, and live the same life as when I was in Kosin. Having my own religious life every morning and evening, studying and practicing Hebrew everyday, preaching the gospel every evening, gathering believers to worship together every sunday. This will be my life in this world. 

The soul is my goal, neither food nor others. But before all of these work, I need to fast for several days. To cut down the relationship with food and money. Then go to BeiJing, find someone, state my identification and purpose, ask for a house, and do the work of preaching. Don't give money, don't get money. 2 years in one place. 

"你好。我是个传道人，我愿意在这个地方传道两年，我需要一个寄居的地方，用来聚集愿意听道的人。请问你愿意提供这个地方吗？"
拒绝的呢，自然好，那个地方就相当于传道过了。被拒绝了而已。嗯。至于食物嘛，我有神的话语，人活着是靠着他口里所出的一切话。虽然感觉社会文化好像不是耶稣时代那样，但应该也差不多吧。我是没有经验，也没有资源，但我有神的话语啊。终究要开始的。没有资源，反而是一个能随时换家的优势。


每天早上分别出来的时间/每日皆是主的
    a 祝福问候
    b 赞美-献礼
    c 十诫命及概括
    d 认罪悔改
    e 感谢赞美
    f 圣经朗读
    g 讲道阿们
    h 洗礼圣餐
    i 祷告祝福
    j 结束赞美

3然后翻译一遍，7.21-8.28（共37天，每天一点即可）

방학동안, 매일, 9절. 습관이 되면 쉬울거에요.

感恩，知恩，谦卑，感谢，话语决定的事实（现实是一定的）
记下我可看的谦卑点:1234567
1看着我的软弱，在神面前谦卑。看着神的恩典，在神面前感恩。
2我的身体极其弱，轻易就能打败：跑步，坐着，低头，侧睡，
3我连作一次恶的力量都没有。这真是神的恩典。
4乡巴佬的道理，无学问人的道理，还有点道理的样子呵。
5唯有神的恩典，保守着，使我不遇见试探。我必败。我是软弱的。
6神的恩典时刻的保守我，使我在他天堂只有保守，圣洁在他面前。
7他不可抗拒的怜悯恩典。




Our Father Our King. אָבִינוּ מַלְכֵּנוּ
Father: אָב, King: מֶלֶךְ 

Have mercy upon us and answer us. חָנֵּנוּ וַעֲנֵנוּ 
have mercy: חָנַן, answer: עָנָה 

For we have no (good) works. כִּי אֵין בָּנוּ מַעֲשִֹים 
work: מַעֲשֶֹה, 

Deal with us in righteousness and grace. עֲשֵֹה עִמָּנוּ צְדָקָה וָחֶסֶד 
do/make: עָשָֹה, righteousness: צְדָקָה, grace: חֶסֶד 

And save us. וְהוֹשִׁיעֵנוּ (This vowel is not 8הוׂ, but 6הוֹ...)
save: יָשַׁע, Hiphil, imperative ms, 1cp, Please save us!



